- Download the certificates for running catalog instance.
	
     	Method 1:
    	
    		- Open chrome browser.
    		- Hit your catalog Identity URL and save the certificates for the same with name identity.cer.
    		- Hit your catalog API URL and save the certificates for the same with name catalogapi.cer.
    		
     	Method 2:
     	
    		- Make sure that JDK and JRE with proper version i.e 1.8.x is installed on your system.
    		- Download the InstallCert.java from this URL "https://www.cs.ucsb.edu/~pconrad/cs56/examples/ldap/SimpleQuery/InstallCert.java"
    		- Copy this above file to this location - "C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_171\bin"
    		- Open Command Prompt - run as administrator. 
    		- Navigate to the JDK Folder e.g : (C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_171\bin)
    		- Run below commands step by step.
     			
     			javac InstallCert.java
     			
     			java InstallCert <identity URL> 
     			
     			e.g:- java installCert <Your catalog identity URL - host:port >
    					press 1 after running this command
     			
     			java InstallCert <catalogApi URL>
     				
     			e.g:- java installCert <Your catalog API URL - host:port>
    					press 1 after running this command
    					
     		- In the same folder(C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.8.0_171\bin) find the JSSECACERTS file generated by above commands. 
    		- Open this file JSSCERTS file with key-store tool and export the certificates for identity and catalog-api URL's.  
    		- Store/save them as identiy.cer and catalogapi.cer respectively.
	
- Open the catalog.jks file catalog-api-tool/config/catalogstore/catalog.jks using key-store tool.

- Password to open catalog.jks and JSSECERTS using key-store software is "changeit".

- Import both the certificates (identity.cer and  catalogapi.cer) in the catalog.jks file using key-store tool import options.

- Change the "jksLoad" tag/property value in catalog-api-tool/config/EnvironmentDetail.xml to "true".

 	e.g. <jksLoad>true</jksLoad>
